www.google.com
Google’s first suggestion was a research paper of Springer. Which was about scripts. 
Second suggestion was of word stream website.
Third suggestion was Introduction (Writing).
It resulted in in writing text. Google follows a pattern and gave similar results.

https://duckduckgo.com/
It followed text messaging pattern.
http://bing.com
If followed another pattern such as text mining and it gave us result according to that.

What do you observe in the list of suggestion? Are there any patterns?
I observed that these all links were following a pattern but this pattern varies browser to browser. For example, here I typed ‘Introduction to Text’ 
so all suggestions consisted of the keyword text and then according to their own algorithm they gave various results which were different from one another.
Second suggestion of Bing and Google is the same and they both gave similar results.

Which search engine's list of suggestion is better and why?
In my point of view Bing is giving better results as compare to google and duckduckgo. Bing’s results were specific and related to Text analysis’,
 second best search engine was google and it also gave results related to text analysis but it also gave suggestion related to text writing.

Do all search engines return the same result?
All search Engines didn’t give similar results. 
Which site is listed in the top 5 results of all 3 search engines?
Bing and Google’s second search suggestion was the same; https://www.wordstream.com/blog/ws/2017/09/08/how-to-write-an-introduction



Do you think that the order of the websites in the search results is important?
Yeah, it is important as it brings the most searched site on the top. 
Try to find which mechanism / formula / algorithm(s) are being used to order the results.
Trillions of pages are linked with search engines and search engines follow various patterns such as the keywords which are either title of any page 
or caption of any image, those are presented to people if only ‘searched item’ is typed on search engine. 
Another pattern is checking your location, mostly search engines give you results according to location.
 Like if I type Iftar time, it will track my location and give me result according to my city or my country.
